 
example : the other day my mother asked me ( the expert , of course ) if there were any movies out worth seeing , never mind that our tastes couldn't be more divergent--- i'll never forget the day she recommended that i go see a night at the roxbury for god sakes , and to be fair she was mightily pissed at me for telling her that go ! 
was a lot of fun ( which it is ) , so i didn't see this as anything more than a futile attempt at conversation . 
anyway , when i answered " john cusack " , she replied with a rather stunned " who ? " , as if it was unreasonable for her to know whom i was referring to . 
now i know for a fact that my mother has seen several cusack movies , most recently being john malkovich and pushing tin , but i suppose it's understandable that she would not recognize the name , after all , for most , names are tougher than faces . 
i showed her a picture of cusack's mug in the paper hoping for an " oh - him , yes he's quite good " instead i got a " no - i don't know him " . 
at this point i was way beyond frustration into a realm of nose hair yanking anger ( yes , filmic ignorance is all it takes to get me into the nose hair pulling zone ) , till i realized something : i doubt that much of america would recognize cusack's relatively bland visage , or even the name which is rather bland compared to the coolness of a brad pitt or tom cruise , one-syllable names that glide off the tongue with the velocity of a speeding car . 
though that plot-line is mostly enjoyable , the thing i liked the most about the film is how much pleasure it offers in introducing us to minor characters , all of whom ( now this is really something ) are terrific enough to warrant their own films . 
but i like this guy , because of how black plays him . 
the actor is portly with a round baby face and crazy eyes , but despite his size he leaps to and fro like a manic speed freak ( which might be a bit of a redundant description , seeing as how all the speed freaks i know are manic ) . 
fears' direction is somewhat stilted , and the script is sometimes a little too ( and this is a word i'm beginning to hate to use but alas i must ) quirky for its own good ( i think i'll blame that on scott rosenberg , who judging from what he did with beautiful girls , con air , and things to do in denver while your dead , has his fingerprints all over the most irritating bits of this movie ) .