if i were one of those arrogant critics who thinks his review has some great impact on the success or failure of certain films , i might say that i review movies that don't look particularly good because i'm doing a service to my readers by warning them against seeing it . 
if that were true , i could put a banner at the top of my site that reads : " shay casey : seeing bad movies so you don't have to . " 
but i know that's bunk-you're going to see whatever movies you want to no matter what i say . 
so i have to tell the truth : every once in a while i get a nasty , masochistic urge to see a bad movie . 
sometimes i think that's why anyone goes to see pauly shore movies , ever . 
so do i . 
so i saw " supernova . " 
truth be told , " supernova " wasn't quite as bad as i thought it might be . 
maybe i just felt sorry for the actors , or maybe i thought it could have been decent if the studio hadn't started tinkering with the director's ( walter hill ) final cut , causing him to want his name removed . 
in any case , i didn't find " supernova " as bad as the advance buzz would have me believe . 
during the dimension jump ( i think that's what it's called , but don't hold me to it ) , the captain is killed and the man who sent the distress signal ( peter facinelli ) is brought on board . 
was there something about a limping robot shaped like a fighter pilot ? 
did the ship's computer learn something about humanity ? 
what was that glowing lava lamp artifact troy brought on board with him ? 
and just what does the film's title signify , if anything ? 
as far as i can tell , it refers to a very small plot detail that isn't developed , just like the rest of these unnecessary story elements . 
since i didn't understand anything about these characters' motivations , did i care when troy abruptly starts murdering them one-by-one ( and he does , knocking off three of them in about 10 minutes ) ? 
not a whit . 
then they all die and a star blows up or something , but i really wasn't paying much attention by then . 
 " supernova " is pretty awful , but i'm cutting it a little slack merely because i expected less than what i got . 
if you expect it to be good ( for whatever reasons you may have ) , you'll probably hate it more than i will .