 
when i noticed that the audience with whom i saw this film was reacting the same way , i realized that i was going to have a hard time finding someone who agrees with me about the quality of the picture . 
i hated this movie for every second that i sat watching it , and i actively hate it now , days later , with the simpering , superficial , nauseatingly sentimental images forever plaguing my memories . 
in the film , patch is played by the undefeatable and indefatigable robin williams , in a performance of such insulting pathos and sledgehammer sympathy that i wonder now if he is even human . 
on a superficial level , the film is not particularly bad : i wouldn't say the cinematography bothered me , and most of the performances seem to be exactly what shadyac was aiming for ( i actually liked potter's performance , even if she is wasted ) . 
oh wait , i almost forgot : the point of doctors is not just to " prevent death , " but to " improve the quality of life ! " 
yes ! 
that is true ! 
and you can not do that without studying . 
and then there's the free clinic issue , which i find shockingly , frighteningly idealistic . 
how will patients be transported to the free clinic ? 
will it have an emergency room ? 
or is it just for mental patients ? 
and who , may i ask , will pay for it ? 
the film does give some token attempts to question patch's motives ( i think another character asks him how he's going to pay for it , in addition to a little bit of meaningless blather about hmos and medical insurance ) , but they certainly don't explore or challenge patch's ideas to any meaningful extent . 
reader , please understand this : i am not making any kind of judgment on the real patch adams . 
if his beliefs mirror those of this film character , then i might like to have an intelligent discussion with him about them . 
i won't tell you that you can't be moved by his words , because i , too , was moved by his words . 
i was moved in such a profoundly negative way that i was reminded of how cheap and phony a cinematic experience can be .