star wars : ? episode i -- the phantom menace ( 1999 ) 
director : george lucas cast : liam neeson , ewan mcgregor , natalie portman , jake lloyd , ian mcdiarmid , samuel l . 
on the contrary , the star wars trilogy -- and the empire strikes back in particular -- are three items on a very short list of why i love movies . 
when i heard that george lucas would be making the first trilogy in the nine-film series , i got exited . 
when i first saw screenshots from the film , well over a year ago , i embarked on a year-long drool of anticipation . 
and when the first previews were released last thanksgiving , i was ready to see the film . 
in the last weeks before the picture opened , while multitudes of fans waited outside of theaters and stood in the boiling sun days in advance just to be the first ones in the theater , i was tired of hearing about it . 
i was tired of seeing cardboard cut-outs of the characters whenever i went to kfc or taco bell . 
five minutes into the phantom menace , i knew there was a problem . 
later , i asked , " where's the magic of the first three films ? " 
and " why am i looking at my watch every fifteen minutes ? ' 
by the end of the film , i was tired , maddened , and depressed . 
this is not what i wanted to see . 
i didn't want to leave the phantom menace with a headache and a bitter taste in my mouth , but i did . 
what was his life like before this film ? 
well , i imagine he didn't have one . 
this probably explains why neeson looks so hopeless in the role , and why he's recently retired from film ( i don't blame him , honestly ) . 
obi-wan , a character i was really looking forward to learning more about , is even less interesting . 
and when anakin says goodbye to his mother , i found it moving . 
i can't say that i didn't find the effects original , because i did -- the final battle between darth maul , obi-wan , and qui-gon is visually exceptional , as is most of the film . 
but i also found the effects deadening and tiresome . 
my breaking point was near the end of the picture , as anakin is getting questioned by yoda and the other jedi masters ; in the background , we see hundreds of digital spaceships flying around through a digital sky , and i wanted that to go away . 
can't we have one stinking scene that isn't bursting at the seems with a special effects shot ? 
i got so sick of looking at the cgi characters and spaceships and planets and backgrounds that i really just wanted to go outside and look at a physical landscape for a few hours . 
i longed for the magnetic presence of han , luke , and leia , but i got no such thing . 
and what about the ridiculous expectations ? 
mine weren't that high ; i simply wanted a film that showed me the roots of the films that i grew up loving , a story that had a few characters and a few great special effects . 
instead , i got two hours and fifteen minutes of a lifeless and imaginative computer graphics show . 
i don't hate the phantom menace as much as i resent it : i'd like to forget that it exists , and yet i can't .