 
the first film was smart , exhilirating , and one of the best disaster films i had ever seen . 
of course , the general reaction of the audience was oppposed to mine , and so i am in the minority , as i was when i stood on the side of dante's peak . 
but while watching deep impact , i began to wonder how anyone in their right mind could actually like this film . 
to be completely honest , i haven't had this little fun watching a disaster film in my entire life . 
after two years , the dust will settle ( actually , it would take much , much longer--approximately ninety years , from what i understand ) and the humans could come back to the surface and start over . 
now , of course , we all know that the comet does impact the surface . 
the title alone suggests it , and the previews actually show it ! 
by doing this , absoltuely no tension can be drawn from any attempt to stop the comet because we all know that it won't work . 
throughout the film we are given subtitles that tell us how much time has passed ( it goes from months to weeks to hours ) . 
chock full of cheesy one liners ( " you know , you are going to have more sex than anyone else in school ! " ) 
and stupid characters , you might think we were back in the 70s again . 
and the main plot is so outrageous that you can't figure out if this film is supposed to be an action , drama , or sci-fi . 
cgi water is used , and it looks so bad that i heard more laughs from the audience than shrieks . 
in fact , i may even recommend the film for those who want to see how bad effects can actually get these days . 
just when we think visual effects can't be improved , along comes a film to show that they really can and should be . 
this is one of the cheapest ways to ellicit an emotional response from an audience , and i , for one , am not going to be fooled . 
then again , when you watch people cry for their loved ones , it's obvious it will be emotional . 
her character is made stronger by leoni's presence , and we grow to care for her . 
leelee sobieski could have been better , but i think she just suffered from a poorly written character . 
when the comet does hit the earth , you almost wish it could just take this film along with it .