the last line ( or near to that honor ) is the great butler , alfred ( the ubergod , michael gough ) saying , " i think we need a bigger bat cave , " or something to that note . 
this one's not anti-climactic - i knew it was gonna suck . 
she emerges from her chemicals ( don't ask 'cause i can't tell ya ) as a sexy woman ( the real uma ) who's poison when or if you kiss her and has some aphrodiasiatic scent she blows at people . 
meanwhile , in an unfinished subplot , bruce ( batman's alter-ego , if you forgot ) has been dating the lovely julie madison ( the even lovlier elle macpherson ) who wants a commitment after a year but he says nothing . 
end of her for all we know . 
for all this , i can't even comment on george clooney as batman - i hardly saw the guy ! 
and when i did , he had horrible dialogue to say . 
last time , we had the brawn of two face as played by tommy lee jones and the brains/comedy supplied by the riddler as realized by jim carrey . 
this time we have a somewhat sympathetic and somewhat hatable villain ( the same guy ) , mr . 
as for the lower bat-people , chris is the same as he was in " batman forever , " although i think his work in these is too hokey when he's best at quieter parts in " scent of a woman " or just plain cool parts in " fried green tomotoes . " 
alicia - i love the girl but she's not particularly good in this film . 
she can hypotheitically act , we all saw that in " clueless , " but her lines kinda sound weird . " 
fortunately , we get a lot of alfred . 
he's the always reliable butler , in case you didn't know , who has been with bruce all his life . 
when they show the asylum at one point , they show the patient's belongings in a room and we see the riddler's costume . 
and during a biker scene ( involving robin and batgirl - another subplot never handled past initiation period ) , we not only see coolio but a bunch of bad-asses dressed as " droogs " from " a clockwork orange . or 
did it just feel like that ? 
the film should serve as another in the long-line of films which demonstrate that we need more intelligent films nowadays . 
he's a really eccentric person and i loved one of his quotes about how he admits to being a mediocre director and that's what makes him great . 
the first two rocked and i did like the last one . 
but this one is not going to be one that i watch repeatedly like the other three . 
but we can only hope .