 
for film makers , gore is one of the two weapons they have at their disposal in a stale , fright-free horror movie , as stephen king once said ( again paraphrasing ) " if you can't scare your audience , gross em' out , if you can't do that , make em' laugh " . 
if anyone disagrees i would love for them to explain the box office successes of shit like batman and robin , wild wild west , and godzilla . 
allow me to present you with the real fault of the mad slasher film : the lack of enthusiastic exploitation . 
these flicks aren't harnessed with any lofty aspirations , so why not break free and give your audience a bloody good time ? 
sadly out of the literally hundreds made , i would estimate that maybe three are at all worth while . 
this is the kind of movie where the killer drags dead victims from the scene of the crime for no reason other than , i dunno , exercise . 
i lost all hope for the possibility of any genuine scares in urban legend about ten minutes in when i caught a glimpse of the killer . 
in scream it was a ghost mask ( scary enough ) , in i know what you did last summer it was a fisher man's rain slicker ( in the middle of summer no less ) , and in urban legend the disguise sinks to the level of mel brooks parody : the villain wears an oversized parka with a fury hood ( ooh ? ? ? scary ) intended to conceal his/her identity . 
for urban legend 2 i humbly suggest a donald duck costume . 
though i must admit , urban legend does have a winning premise for what could have been a somewhat entertaining exploitation film . 
the film's killer slices and dices comely college students to the tune of famous urban legends ( you know , like the babysitter gets threatening phone calls only to find that they're coming from inside the house ) . 
i won't spoil the surprise as to what urban legends are used , after all the film does offer fine 2 : 00 am cable viewing if you happen to be intoxicated enough . 
before i leave you , i would like to bring to your attention the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i've ever spent an evening with . 
the most annoying of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a supremely irritating lout ( so irritating i actually cheered his painful death , and i am not a cruel person ) . 
after all this is a movie that features the kind of faux hipsters i can't stand getting slaughtered , which is at least better than watching an entire film about people i can't stand not getting slaughtered .