 
and i don't like saying that either , since this film actually had some potential and started off pretty well . 
and what about the film's main plot point ? 
why would the bad guys still give a crap about this thing after 10 years , and even more so , why would they only give the shrink until the day's end to do his part ? 
 ( you waited 10 years , what's another few days ? - or why not set up another heist instead ? ) . 
i'll tell you why , it's because we wouldn't have a ( bad ) movie otherwise , that's why ! 
and many , many more . 
ugh , whatever the case , it was just about the time that douglas' character suddenly removed murphy's character from the mental home ( and how come she went with him so nicely ? 
i thought she didn't trust him ) , that i turned to my buddy and asked when the movie had turned into a joke . 
and a few bogus chase and action sequences later , we were left with a long-winded ending that did little to answer any other questions i might've still had , and actually brought up even more contradictions . 
badly put together , this movie features some decent acting , some nice cinematography and an initially interesting premise , but loses it all in a haze of plot miscues which ultimately leave you with little care for anyone . 
and on top of all that , by the end of this flick , the director seems to have realized how dumb the audience must be to have bought most of the garbage that he'd been shoveling out for the hour and a half prior , and decides to add insult to injury by flashing back to an earlier character's death when one of the bad guys dies , just so we know ( as an audience ) , that the two are interrelated somehow . i 
appreciate the spoon-feeding , dude . 
either way , i don't give a rat's ass because this movie is a dog and that's unfortunate because it actually did have some good points going for it . 
see it if you like dumb thrillers . 
incidentally , if you appreciated along came a spider , you will likely enjoy this film as well .