 
this is where the movie has some great potential , then the three travelers get the island and there is a turn for the better , yes folks i said better . 
there is even a 'video game' style sequence that borders on the disgusting , it doesn't make sense for the movie and just looks dumb in my opinion ( and i am hoping many other peoples ) . 
i am hoping that in my little rant i've made it abundantly clear that the movie is lacking quite seriously in plot and uneven pacing , so if you go see it and you don't like it because of this don't blame me . 
the character development was not up to par either ; i found the character of richard to be nothing more than a spoiled child . 
the character seems to be underdeveloped from the get go and seems to just do things for no apparent reason , granted some people are like this ( myself included ) but i nor anyone i know that is fairly random would ever do things of the sort this character does . 
this i am sure contributes to the movie's lack of core plot and being unfocused . 
now , i shall move onto something a little better about the movie ( for all you cynics out there the movie did have a few good things about it ) . 
the cast and acting was passable at the very least , and i think that leonardo dicaprio actually did pretty well in the role of richard . 
mind you i think the rest of the cast that had some which had reasonably sized roles did equally well if not better . 
which begs the question why is leonardo paid so much ? 
 ( i think this is a topic all on its own so i won't get into it ) . 
but i like the fact that there was an international cast used , had only and american cast been used i can see this movie being horrible . 
when all is said and done i liked the movie for the most part but the gaping inadequacies of the plot are unforgivable . 
i would not recommend this movie to anyone , the fact that i liked it has a lot to do with the cinematography and the sheer beauty of the movie not its plot or story . 
if you do end up going to see this movie be forewarned about its shortcomings .