 
the lack of quality filmmaking in " 8mm " ( from technical to acting ) stands out even more when you consider the star , writer , and supporting cast--all reputable . 
here's why you should spend your money on dog food or gum instead of " 8mm " . 
first thing--if you don't heed my advice , then understand what you're about to see before you even think about paying good money for this crud . 
this film doesn't draw you in . 
it keeps you about 700 miles away from it and who in their right mind would want to get close ? 
it is possible to like a film that focuses on grime and sick behaviour ( ie . 
a good screenwriter and a good director can make you hypnotically watch even disgusting subject matter . 
director schumacher doesn't have that innate ability to make you watch things you don't really want to see like better directors are capable of doing . 
he must not have believed hitchcock who espoused the theory that what we don't see is more frightening than what we do ( especially when it's a scene where young girl is supposed to be murdered ) . 
no , he doesn't go that far , but we see enough unpleasantness . 
does joel think we're stupid or that we need to be held by the hand to comprehend the contrasting imagery ? 
who do we root for in this mess ? 
is there anybody out there ? 
it's not all the director's fault , though . 
occasionally , yes , but not as often as your tv will have you believe . 
after seeing " 8mm " , i may not be interested in ever watching any kind of porn again . 
it'll be a long time before i give a schumacher film another chance--unless i lose my mind and become seriously depraved . 
but today i'm not depraved , so i ask , why does this film preach that this garbage is out there and that society should be worried about it ? 
i'm sure that somewhere right now there's some pretty sick crap going on , but that doesn't mean i need to know about it . walker , the proverbial monster doesn't look like we expect him to . 
now , excuse me while i go try to forget i ever saw it .