 
if that summary isn't enough for you , how about t&a , t&a , t&a ? 
still haven't got the point ? 
other than director russ meyer's predilection for casting attractive large breasted women who ultimately expose the afore-mentioned anatomical areas , there is really only one other reason to recommend even taking a look at this movie . 
after watching this movie you will never be able to sit through another one of his reviews where he gives a movie a thumbs down for bad writing with a straight face . 
right from the opening credits , i knew that i had a class-a bomb on my hands . 
not only are the way the credits actually shot distracting , but the first scene you see includes a big breasted young woman being chased by a guy in a nazi uniform . 
i had absolutely no idea why the hell that was happening ( it does get explained later ) and as soon as the first scene is over , we cut to a completely unrelated scene . 
to be honest , as i sat through this movie mesmerized by just how incredibly awful it was , i actually forgot about the seemingly out of place opening until it popped up again later in the film . 
now i ask you , with lines like that how can you go wrong ? 
ebert had tried to inject as many big words as possible into the dialogue . 
in fact , there is one scene -- the one in which they are in a van driving to hollywood to make their fortunes -- during which i really had to question if meyer or his editors had just suffered serious head injuries . 
then we have the cast . 
if you have been following along up to this point , this shouldn't surprise you . 
then we have former playboy playmate cynthia myers in a fairly small role as casey , one of the other band members . 
but hey , i'll admit it ; the only reason that i actually managed to sit through this damn movie was to catch a look at cynthia myers naked . 
and since that was a huge disappointment , i pretty much wasted two hours of my life on this turkey . 
the only thing that i can say about this movie is that you should stay away from it . 
unless of course you want to feel good about yourself by knowing that even a pulitzer prize winning film critic like roger ebert has screwed up at least once in his life too . 
and if you are thinking of checking it out for the double d's -- you are better off just downloading nude cynthia myers pictures off the internet .