 
if you only remember one thing about fair game , it should be that it singlehandedly proves crawford should stick to the sports illustrated swimsuit issues . 
if you thought kathy ireland was laughable in alien from l . , you'll change your mind when you see fair game . 
and for you horny teenage boys out there , you actually get to see her topless for two seconds in the dark . 
cindy crawford isn't black , is she ? 
like i said , crawford is a lawyer with a bunch of russians after her . 
you know the mistakes baldwin and crawford are going to make before they make them , you know when the " sexual tension " will finally end up in them consummating the relationship , you know when the villains will capture crawford so baldwin has to rescue her in the climax and you know the movie's going to suck from the first scene . 
all we know is these russians have every detail about crawford in their computer . 
in the words of one of the villains , " we even know what size pantyhose she wears . " 
 ( yeah , you and every 14-year-old boy in america . ) 
he goes on to add , " we know more about her than she does . " 
 ( _that_ i find very easy to believe . ) 
i hope you enjoyed those two sample dialogue quotes , because i wrote down plenty of other bad ones ( " if it weren't for me , you'd still be pulling bananas out of your ass in cuba ! " ) 
because , you see , fair game is not only a showcase for recycled action cliches and terrible acting , but also some seriously bad dialogue . 
it all adds up to a really terrible movie that made me laugh in plenty of places i wasn't supposed to and grimace in places i was supposed to laugh . 
would you laugh at a scene where crawford tortures a computer nerd with double entendres like " i'm very interested in _hard_ware " and other crap about playing with his joystick ? 
i wouldn't , but not because i'm a computer nerd . 
or was it jack lord's body ? 
i'll leave you with the final line of dialogue in the movie . 
crawford says woodenly , " that was my client's boat you just blew up . 
i'm filing a lawsuit against you . 
you're in big trouble , " or something to that effect , and baldwin replies smugly , " what do i have to do to get out of it ? " 
they of course begin making out and the credits roll . 
i'm not going to talk about how stupid the line is or how , if they'd really wanted to go for a bad closing line they would have had baldwin say , " you think i could settle out of court ? " 
but i will tell you that , if anyone ever suggests you watch fair game with him or her , you quote the final line of the movie to that person : " what do i have to do to get out of it ? " 
serving america for over 1/50th of a century ! 
.