some movies ask you to leave your brain at the door , some movies ask you to believe in the impossible to really have a good time . 
playing god asks just one simple , eensy , teensy thing so it can fully entertain you , it's accomplished in just four easy to follow steps : crack open your skull , scoop out your brain , squish it under your foot several times and reverse steps two and one . 
congratulations , you now have all the necessary requirements to fully enjoy a whole lot of nothing . 
some movies fail at the box office but you manage to see why the producers thought it could have been a good movie , others are simply good ideas that are badly executed . 
this does look moderately kool , but the camera lingers on the actor for so long you can almost hear the director yelling : " oooh , look look ! 
john woo ! 
two guns blazing ! 
slooooow motion ! " 
and if that wasn't enough , you can also hear the script grunting under the effort it must take to try and make every single line of dialogue sound like something deep and meaningful like in a tarantino movie . 
poor timothy hutton gets to deliver most of the corny lines , you have to admire the effort he puts into it , this guy deserves better . 
unlike most movies this one does not suffer from " stupid bad guy " syndrome , just to make things a little different this time we get stupid heroes . 
mind you , i've never fired a shotgun in my life but believe you me that the bad guy would be missing most of his vital organs , be he stoned or not . 
solution ? 
boom ! 
i'll take the time to feel sorry about it later thank you very much . 
he still has his shotgun , bring it along you say ? 
no thanks , i'll just ditch it in the back of my car . 
and the real kicker is this : when he reaches the room and people start shooting at him he has the nerve to look surprised ! 
while we are on the subject of getting shot , why in hades were those fbi guys sitting with their backs to the door ? 
i've got no formal training but even i know you never sit with your back to the door . 
going clean is really honorable of him , but i would have waited until i did not need to be conscious or being able to fire a gun .