well if you are up for stellar effects then this is the movie for you . i 
know i did . 
but it was horribly stretched and somewhere in the middle of it i found myself thinking . 
there are also times where you have to wonder why things happen the way they do . 
another thing that i noticed towards the end was that some characters just vanished without a trace but they were fairly major through most of the beginning . 
you can almost tell the final story somewhere in the middle and you definitely know what will happen at a given moment . 
granted this is hard to omit but here its just blatant it sits there and stares at you . 
it gets boring at times to tell you the truth . 
another little point i might add is that the main character is supposed to be a quiet chaos mathematician not some shoot them up type of hero . 
if i was to base my review totally on the plot then i wouldn't rate this movie too highly but that's just the thing this movie isn't just the plot , its the whole package and this package is really well done . 
the special effects are just amazing , you can't tell that the dinosaurs are created it looks like they were there live , in a few instances of course you know its fake but there are other times that you just wouldn't be able to say that the creature wasn't there during filming , extinct or not . 
unfortunately it will take away from fifth element but alas what can we do . 
go see it in a matinee if you really must see it its not worth full price if you ask me . 
one little side note , although my opinion of this movie may not have been the best the way that this movie was marketed and how many theaters it was shown in toronto this opening weekend is nothing short of stupid , there were 10 theater movie theaters that were playing this movie around the clock i think that some people really want money badly . 
and i think that this type of activity hurts the movie industry let the other movies also have a chance . 
its not that bad a movie but its not that great either hope you people realize this .