battlefield earth is the worst film of 2000 , and i guarantee you that nothing else this year will even come close . 
in fact , i'll be surprised if i see anything this bad in the next ten years . ron hubbard , battlefield earth begins and we immediately find out two pieces of key information . 
ok , we are all of 10 seconds in and i have a zillion questions racing through my mind . 
when were we conquered ? 
the audience is led to believe that this happened about 1 , 000 years earlier , and if that is the case then we're going to get into a whole bunch of problems later ( trust me . 
also , why don't we get to see earth get conquered ? 
how the hell do you make a popcorn sci-fi flick and not deliver the goods on the one event that sets up the film ? 
humans now live as cavemen or slave labor , and for the film's first act we focus on one particular cavemen group outside of denver , colorado . 
so jets left unattended for 1 , 000 years are still able to fly ? 
please , if i leave my car unattended for two weeks i have to replace every fluid and hose under the hood . 
why aren't they " dog animals " ? 
the psychlos are after mining earth's precious resources , but for 1 , 000 years are unaware of fort knox ? 
why do i even care at this point ? 
i'm a fan of travolta's and i'm glad to see he's back on the a-list in hollywood ( despite the fact that he occasionally puts out crowd pleasing dreck like michael and phenomenon ) . 
but how did he possibly think this was a good movie ? 
and how did he think he was giving a good performance here ? 
he's more than capable of making a menacing villain ( see broken arrow and face/off ) but whenever his character came on screen i couldn't hold back my laughter . 
you can make a dumb but good sci-fi film ( i love independence day for example ) , but there is absolutely nothing entertaining about battlefield earth . 
i did everything i possibly could to stay awake during the screening . 
by the time we actually reach the year 3000 , people should still be avoiding this film . 
we'll entertain you plenty with that kind of money ) . 
[editor's note : for some reason though , the day after my screening i converted to scientology .