 
if you want to see real terror on the big screen go back and watch any scene with jar jar binks in the phantom menace , because this movie is not scary or even remotely creepy . 
 " nothing " is free , available all around the world at a location near you . 
i could just discount them and say , " well , i guess they are just pansy chicken shits who are probably scared of their own shadow . " 
but i have intelligent friends who like this movie and so that doesn't hold water . 
 ( then again , maybe my first thought is correct , i think i'll try pointing their shadow out to them one day and test their reaction . ) 
when i hear people praising this film , i never hear them talking about what makes up about 97% of this movie : three kids bickering with each other about being lost . 
oh ladies and gentlemen you will be so scared when you hear them shouting " josh ! ! " . 
and if you thought that was scary , wait till you see a pile of rocks , and then some tinkertoy lincoln logs , oh my dear lord you will be pissing in your pants with fear . 
you've never seen terror like this folks , and you don't want to . 
 ( for current films , i highly recommend the sixth sense or a stir of echoes for a creepy filmgoing experience . 
and i think they are reaching and praising the wrong movie because they don't have anything else to praise . 
i've heard one opinion that you " have to use your imagination " to create the fear in this movie . 
well , i thought that was what the filmmakers were supposed to do . 
but even if you like this idea , then what are you imagining ? 
an entity called the blair witch ? 
some rednecks fucking with these kids ? 
are either of these things really scary when you think about it ? ? ? 
i've heard several people say that this movie makes them recall how scary it can be to be out in the woods and hear something . 
but you have to do something . 
and i think there is a good chance they will see this film again and say to themselves " what was i thinking ? ? " . 
if it works for them then that's okay i guess . 
i just lament that by making this movie a hit , we are going to be subjected to more of the " nothing is more " approach . 
 " man , do you know how scary it would be to die ? ? ? ! ! ! ! 
now this is the scariest movie of all time ! ! ! ! " 
[r] 
.