 
the original film , released last summer , was genuinely scary and terrifying ; i hoped that this movie would live up to its predecessor . 
during this segment , we are introduced to the protagonist , a young man who sells blair witch-related memorabilia from his website . 
the movie then cuts to a title that informs us that what we are about to see occurred one year previously . 
we see him throwing himself wildly around a padded room ; we see him cowering naked in a shower stall as a fire hose is turned on him . 
i had a sinking feeling during these opening scenes ; generally , a hospital scene that is set with poor lighting , filthy interiors , and evil doctors is a sure sign that you are in the throes of a truly horrible movie . 
 ( she also complains that she feels nauseated ; i knew immediately that the character was pregnant , and my intuition was confirmed a few scenes later when kim psychomagically susses it out . 
how did i know ? 
because in bad movies , nauseated women are always pregnant . 
how do we know tristen is weak and sympathetic ? 
because she's pregnant ! 
how do we know kim is an antisocial goth girl ? 
because she wears a lot of eye makeup ! 
how do we know the local sheriff is a bad guy ? 
because he has jagged teeth and talks like he's straight out of " deliverance " ! 
this is weak storytelling at its worst . 
 ( " honey , you just had a miscarriage out in the woods and got medical attention at a hospital that looks like it belongs in a bad slasher movie . 
i am having these bizarre nightmares and seeing strange visions and i want to find out what's going on . " ) 
frankly , by the end of the movie , i was rooting for the witch . 
the witch was a palpable presence in that movie , but we never saw it ; we never saw anything , in fact . 
i confess to being someone who prefers horror movies in which you never see the monster , or see only brief glimpses , mere suggestions of what the monster is ; it is not because i find the monster so terrifying , but because i find the absence of the monster to be infinitely more terrifying . 
 ( i know a lot of people who like to go to parties and get drunk and stoned out of their minds ; none of them has ever gone on a murderous rampage and then experienced mass hallucinations with a group of other people for the next week or so .