 
sure , i'd seen them all at least once , but i could always count on at least a few inadvertent laughs from ultra-serious jack webb when there was nothing else on tv . 
even though " dragnet " is out of circulation at the moment , we webb anti-fans still have the d . i . i . 
this is his movie all the way , and after the first twenty minutes of him chewing out his recruits for no reason , i was wondering if there would even be a plot . i . 
for those of you who haven't been indoctrinated into the pleasures of webb watching , here's a reprint of a typical monologue of his . 
 " now you listen to me , youngster . 
i've got a headline for you : every time you make one of those little mistakes of yours , you're gonna turn around and i'll be standing right there . i . 
 ( nearly all of it belongs in the bad movie hall of fame ) , but i tried to include some of the more noteworthy lines , like one from the scene where webb unwinds from a hard day's work by going to the local bar ( where he orders a tomato juice ) . i . 
webb marches over to the table , gets up in her face and says , " just what kind of a dame do you think you are ? " 
bogart he ain't . i . i . 
 " you expect me to talk to you . 
a little girl spots him in the store and demands , " what are you doing in here . you're a man , aren't you ? " 
he doesn't reply , but you know he's thinking in his head , " what an odd species of human -- so small . 
after two privates hatch a scheme to present webb with the wrong dead flea , webb asks owens , " was that flea you killed a male or female ? " 
owens replies , " a male , sir . 
but we know it was all presented with the utmost seriousness when a title card at the end thanks the marines not only for their cooperation in the making of the d . i . 
webb bursts in the room and shouts , " what did i tell you about laughing ? ! " 
to which the private replies , " sir , only nine-year-old girls laugh , sir ! " 
and let me tell you , i was as happy as a nine-year- old girl while watching this movie .