 
we sit there wondering why we've even bothered to see a film about a long high school party we probably never felt the desire to go to in the first place . 
after all , this film is filled with a bunch of pathetic stereotypes much of which i went to high school with . 
the film , as i said , portrays most of its characters as superficial and just totally ignorant to everything . 
we follow several of them , all a bunch of moronic stereotypes with only a shread of humanity and realism , and tries to tell boring and overly melodramatic tales about them as if we actually cared and/or identified with them . 
and if we did , we certainly don't want to revisit that state of being . 
here's a quick low-down : it's graduation , and we follow a bunch of seniors on the last night , otherwise known as the " american grafitti " or , to a lesser extent , the " dazed and confused " cliche . 
we follow many people around , but mostly we trail preston ( ethan embry , of " that thing you do ! " ) , the alienated writer , who's been pining over the homcoming queen , amanda ( the totally overrated jennifer love hewitt ) , for the entirety of high school because he thinks they shared a moment their freshman year over a freaking pop tart . 
we can't take this film seriously , nor can we take this as fun , so really what good is it ? 
but i will tell you some things i did like : i liked the direction , except for a couple too-over-the-top features , like way-too-glossy jump cuts ( it's like an oxymoron ) and other obscurities . 
and , of course , lauren ambrose is wonderful as denise , the one character we could have used some more of , even though it would have changed the entirety of the film . 
she may ruin the film more , but at least when she's on screen we can sit up and think to ourselves " well , at least we'll be entertained . 
basically the worst thing about this film , the real reason i'm giving this such a low rating , is because it refuses to give us any fully realized characters and then insists we follow around complete stereotypes from other movies doing things that are inane and unlike anything we'd do . 
we don't feel for these characters because for most of us , we aren't stereotypes going through the motions to worn subplots .