after having heard so many critics describe " return to me " as an old-fashioned hollywood romance , i kept asking myself going into this movie : what exactly is an old-fashioned hollywood romance ? 
what made " return to me " old-fashioned and old-hollywood ? 
was it the tunes from sinatra , etc . , legendary singers the senior citizens in the film constantly harp on ? 
was it the glamorous , sophisticated feel ? 
the charisma of the two leads ? 
even now i can't say that i have gotten any closer to the real answer , because i haven't see that many old-fashioned hollywood romances . 
which leaves me the option of vaguely agreeing with my fellow critics -- " return to me " was old-fashioned in the sense that it reminded me of the way the younger generation perceive venerated old hollywood magic , the way i perceive cinnamon spice and apple cider . 
from the very first bird's eye view of chicago , zooming in slowly toward the insignificant bob rueland ( david duchovny ) , accompanied by the " return to me " ballad ( by whom ? ) , we can tell we're in for something sweet . 
we know all this , and yet we want to believe in these folks' existence . 
disappointingly , david alan grier's charlie , however much i like him , was the most flatly-written . 
duchovny here does a laudable job of shaking off his fox mulder persona -- with the help of his fellow co-stars rarely do we see any hint of special agent fox mulder . 
instead we have a normal guy who when he falls in love shows more delight than fox mulder will show over the span of an entire season of " the x-files . 
we already know that there's going to be a happy ending ; we feel like we spend the entire film , however enjoyably , in a straight line going towards that point . 
as a result bob and grace click almost too quickly--yes , i know she's supposed to have his ex-wife's heart and everything--it seems too effortless . 
the main subject is a love story , and the family scenes i love so much unfortunately are overused and distract from the turmoil of the two main characters ( whose story might not have that much meat after all ) . 
the bottom line : " return to me " is nothing remarkable , and yet its sweetness , sincerity , and charm might touch your heart in ways that you hadn't imagined .