 ) 
as my friend and fellow film critic ted prigge said in his review of `the phantom menace' - how do i even write this review ? 
never mind the fact that i've been waiting for a new `star wars' movie since i was seven years old . 
and also like ted does in all of his reviews , i'll try to review this in a way different from my usual reviews and instead write as casually as possible as if i was talking directly to you , the reader . 
before we can begin analyzing the specific aspects of the film , many of the most general and most significant factors must be considered ( to get the specifics of the film , skip this and the next four paragraphs ) . 
in media interviews in the past he has explained why the movies were made out of order , but i can't recall his reasons . 
well you know what i mean ) . 
[critic's note #1 : it is one my personal policy not to intentionally analyze spoilers because i would like my reviews to be able to make sense to the reader both before and after viewing the film reviewed , but it would be nearly impossible to do the film justice here without breaking the rule . ] 
first of all we have to catalog what we know about the film before even going into it . 
what we don't know for sure is the history of the ruling of the galaxy , which is most likely much longer and more complex than any government we have had here on earth . 
but i digress . 
i've said so much and yet i haven't even touched on the specifics of the film itself . 
what we get here is a movie not unlike any of the other three we've come to know and love since the late 1970s . 
the film doesn't have one specific plot and works in the same manner as the other films in the series where as what we get is one mini-plot and adventure on top of another . 
there are so many of these mini-plots-within-plots in this film i would not describe them all because it is what gives the movie its hook . 
as we already know , the film takes place at least a generation or two before the original `star wars' trilogy which means a lot of the background which was unclear and/or unexplained may be cleared up here as it is the beginning of the vast epic story .