 
so , how does the story go ? 
as opposed to what some fanatical internet sites would have you believe , sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) , now all-grown-up and constantly dealing with her pass in the constantly tormented sector of her psyche , is not living in hollywood fulfilling her dream to become an actress , but rather in upstate california , living , understandably , alone in the confines of fences and vast security systems . 
nevertheless , we learn , cotton made an appearance in the movie which is now in production , as himself to be killed off in the first scene . 
three different scripts were penned , we ? ? ? re told , to keep the true finale off the internet ( a nod to the " scream " 2 fiasco a few years back ) and no one knows for sure which one the killer read . 
okay , over the years , i ? ? ? ll admit that i ? ? ? ve become quite the " scream " fan . 
no , i don ? ? ? t have the ghostface costume or the director ? ? ? s cut laserdisc , but i often find myself compelled to pop in the dvd of either member of the preceding duo , and can get quite caught up in the dramatic element of these films ( yes , i said " dramatic element " ) , sometimes debating with family and friends the possibilities and endless theories that have become quintessentially affiliated with " scream " . 
throughout the film , though , i noticed a much more subtle approach than the other two films . 
honestly , i like this approach . 
what puts a damper on this otherwise exceptional and creative film , i ? ? ? m afraid , is the ending , or , rather , the identity of the killer . 
it does the job , i guess , accomplishes what it should , bringing the three films full circle , but upon my first viewing it seemed rather dissatisfying because it appears a little too contrived , too arbitrary ; after a second viewing , which i endeavored upon due to this recurring disapprobation , the killer ? ? ? s identity still seems a little too random , but his motivation came across more sound this time around , and the eventual conclusion was ultimately more satisfying . 
but then , it does seem best to quit while you ? ? ? re ahead , and " scream 3 " does a fine job of providing closure to its characters .