 
it's amazing , the kinds of things you can do when you work to a soundtrack . 
before you know it , an unfortunate set of circumstances put the baby in the hands of kala ( glenn close ) , a mother ape who recently lost her own baby to a predatory leopard . 
when you really think about it , this story fits right into the disney formula of the outcast that triumphs in the end . 
just fill in the blanks ! 
can you see it ? 
 " now we have to have a couple of zany friends for out hero who might get him into mischief , but cover for him or come to his rescue when he needs it . have 
we had an ape and an elephant yet ? 
well , there we go ! " 
of course , there's gotta be romance somewhere along the line , so jane ( minnie driver ) gets introduced about halfway through . 
she discovers the man raised by apes and is enchanted almost immediately , and soon shares an amusing version of the compulsory " you tarzan , me jane " scene . 
however , i found it distracting that tarzan is going " ohh ohh ee ee " one second and then tells jane his name in this manly voice with perfect diction . 
do you think he dated a few of the female apes before meeting jane ? 
isn't that illegal in most countries ? 
oh , well . 
this isn't really a bad thing , as the songs are very high-energy and catchy ( i found myself singing one to myself for most of the following day ) ; it's just different . " 
however , tarzan does not seem to have what i call its " chandelier scene , " which is the one scene to which the animators have chosen to devote an inordinate amount of effort , utilizing a computer-assisted process that makes the animation absolutely breathtaking . 
as usual , the voice talent is up to snuff , convincingly make you believe in the convictions of animated characters . 
going into the film , i didn't know she was even a part of it , but when terk started talking , i recognized her voice immediately . 
her performance was fine , but through the rest of the film i kept thinking , " that's no boy ape , that rosie o'donnell . 
i'll admit i've never read the edgar rice burroughs story " tarzan of the apes , " so i couldn't tell you how true this film stays to the book . 
but unless you're a purist , you should have few objections to this film . 
note : when i wrote my review of mulan a year ago , i went off on the promotional and merchandising tie-ins prevalent with the release of a disney animated feature . 
this time , i'll just say that i went to mcdonald's yesterday to treat myself to a mcflurry , and tarzan was on the cup .