do film critics have morals ? 
are there any unwritten laws an ethical movie critic would or should follow ? 
naturally we don't want to go into a film with any preconceived notions , which is pretty tough but something we all have to accomplish . 
secondly , and along the same line , we can't prejudge a film because of it's stars , director , etc . 
make sense ? 
ok , but what about comparing ? 
isn't that kind of along the same lines ? 
when we compare a certain actor or director or even composer's credibility in one film to another they were involved in , is that really fair ? 
sure , in sequels you can expect and accept comparisons a lot more , but what about jackie brown , for example ? 
is it fair for me to take the review and turn it into a comparison of pulp fiction , just because quentin tarantino directed and wrote the screenplay for both ? 
i think it is , and i'll tell you why . 
 " the acting was superb , but i was bored " or " i loved it ! ! 
it was sooooo cheezy ! " 
might be used to describe a film . 
but which is more important ? 
and which is better ? 
an extremely well shot and acted film that is boring , or a really amateurish film that you wanna go back to again and again ? 
getting back to the point , my philosophy on comparing films being fair works because we're reflecting what the public wants to know anyway . 
the thing is , ordell is in this for no one more than himself , and as we learn from his previous actions , he's willing to kill anyone who stands in the way . 
it comes down to a simple question : would jackie rather face ordell or prison ? 
what ensues is a rich and intriguing example of storytelling as we question who jackie is really out to help : the law , ordell , or maybe just herself . 
and although jackson is really , really good in jackie brown , i don't think he's quite as irreplaceable . 
this is grier's film , so why spend so long getting to know a man who will become more of a supporting character as the film progresses ? 
it not only makes the movie feel a little too slanted , but it makes for a slow beginning because we have to take longer getting to the meat of the story . 
so getting back to the question that i began with , this isn't pulp fiction at all . 
if you can realize that this isn't going to knock your socks off , then you'll be happy to at least let it massage your feet . 
after all , we all know how much tarantino loves that particular part of the human anatomy .