alien 3 is the only alien film i have seen in theaters . 
i saw it when i was 13 years old , and i must admit that i didn't like it . 
of course , i was expecting aliens again , and i believe this was my fault . 
in order to appreciate alien 3 , you need to see aliens , but you also have to wipe away all the expectations from its predecessor . 
on the big screen , i was overwhelmed by something i normally didn't see . 
however , since seeing it again , i realize that the swearing is mainly just an aspect of the restrained hatred in the characters . 
we never really care about any of them , and i get the feeling that many scenes were cut in order to shorten the length of the movie . 
there were only two characters i liked , and of course one was lt . ripley ( sigourney weaver ) , although we have gotten to know her through two other films . clemens ( charles dance ) , but because we like him , the inevitable occurs . 
without using a single line of dialogue ( unless you count computer warnings ) , fincher sets up the entire film . 
during these first ten minutes , i learned everything i had to in order for alien 3 to proceed . 
of course , you need a carrier for this face-hugger , and it attachs itself to the dog which came with the team of inmates . 
fincher normally injects a lot of symbolism into his films , and i can easily see him becoming the next stanley kubrick or alfred hitchcock ( in fact , he is the mixture of both ) . 
fincher knows exactly what to film and how to film it , and i figure that he will be one of the few directors with complete control over his films . 
many people have criticized fincher's filming of the death scene of ripley ( i reveal nothing by saying this ) as looking too fake , but i enjoy and relish in the portrayal . 
however , most people seem to want to witness ripley die ( which creates a paradox , as she is the character i didn't want to see die ) . 
why she is killed is one of the surprises of the film , and i don't plan on spoiling that in this review . 
>from every alien film comes several memorable moments which seem to stick with you forever . 
fincher apparently loves to use close-ups of actors' faces ( michael douglas and the clown face-off in the game in the same style ) , and by shaving off the actors' hair , the only thing we have to look at is their faces . 
most of alien 3 works when you take it in context of the story , but when you try to compare it to its predecessors , fincher's turn seems a bit gloomy and dark , though that's not always a bad thing . 
again , we are setup with several different characters , and one by one , they are picked off . 
this creates a lot of tension , although i must admit that fincher could have added a lot more suspense . 
i never was really emotionally involved on screen because most of the characters are hardcore criminals whom i really could care less about . 
the confusion of the ending draws the viewer in , as we are just as confused as the actors who are being chased around . dutton is very strong in his performance as one of the inmates , and i was on the brink of actually caring for him . 
charles dance turns in a nice low-key performance , and as a result , i cared for him immediately . 
this film reminds you how much fun it is to spot metaphorical images throughout a movie . 
in fact , it tells us that we , as a society , have become too critical of things which may happen to look a little " fake . " 
whenever something looks fake on screen , we immediately point it out as a mistake .