 
i realize that i gave last year's sci-fi hit a 4 star rating , but i was under the spell of the powerful first hour . 
after subsequent viewings , i feel that independence day really wasn't as great as it seemed--though i still give it a positive review . 
in fact , i probably could never get tired of watching this film . " 
am i being to generous to this film ? 
perhaps , but when a science fiction film comes along that can mix humor and romance , effectively , into the warring races . 
the easiest way to write a review of this film would be to compare it to other science fiction films , and i may have to . 
sometimes the morals are buried by the bloody violence and intense action scenes , but during quiet moments , we realize that starship troopers has something to tell us about our civilization . 
stating , " would you like to know more ? " , 
these short news bulletins give the film an immediate sense of humor , and we know we should not take it seriously . 
however , we also witness the murder of several troopers in battle , in a gory , yet funny , way . 
after witnessing the slaughter , the film jumps back one year , to setup what we just saw . 
in reality , i found myself watching a space version of " melrose place , " but with better special effects . 
a sense of tension grew in the audience i watched this film with . 
the first hour may have been a funny ( sometimes unintentionally ) setup , but we grew to care for the flat characters , because no matter how hard i tried not to like the characters , their gorgeous looks won me over ( call me superficial , if you must ) . 
while watching the film , we never second guess the character's decisions because they seem perfectly clear . 
thankfully , no hero is punching aliens in the face , which gives the flat characters some depth for which we can identify with . 
the cast of starship troopers is quite annoying to begin with , but they soon grow on you . 
perhaps it is because his character is the most developed , but i think it is just ironside's presence on screen . 
thankfully we are not intended to notice , and we really don't ( except for one which lingered in my mind for quite a while ) . 
believe me when i say this : don't take young kids to see this film . 
however , if you are old enough ( over 17 ) to see it , starship troopers is guaranteed to entertain . 
it's been a long time since i have cheered for the heros , while also cheering for the bad guys .