when quentin tarantino made " pulp fiction " , he was not only making the greatest film of the 90s ; he was also making what i believe to be the most influential movie of all time . 
but before you send me hate-mail for not giving that title to " citizen kane " , hear me out . 
but i think the latter has had a tad more impact . 
in this review , i hope to change all the people's minds who have criticized it for it's excessive profanity and violence ( which , by the way , isn't really that graphic ) . 
the first , titled " vincent vega and marcellus wallace's wife " , deals with a very loaded john travolta ( i forgot to mention the cool heroin shoot-up sequence ) taking mia wallace ( a star-making performance by uma thurman ) , his bosses wife , out on a date to a cool 50s restaurant called jack rabbit slim's . 
they also partake in a cool dance contest and end up twisting to the chuck berry classic " you never can tell " . 
previously in the film ( like i said , it's told in non-linear form ) , he had made a deal with marcellus wallace that he would take a fall in a match . 
if you haven't already seen the film ( or even if you have , for that matter ) , i suggest you invest your money in a copy of the letterbox collectors edition . 
earlier today , i bought this version and watched it a few hours ago . 
what i have missed in the past years of viewing this flick is amazing . 
for instance , when travolta and jackson are in the apartment near the end , the widescreen version allows you to see that several things on the walls make crosses . 
one of the things that pisses people off so much about this movie is that tarantino borrowed alot of scenes from other movies ( i . 
in case you haven't already noticed , i believe " pulp fiction " is a supremely excellent film and one of the best of all time ( up there with such greats as " casablanca " and " the godfather " ) . 
trust me , you will not see a better film come out of the 90s . 
note : if anyone knows how i could get a " bad motherfucker " wallet , please e-mail me .