as much as i wanted to like this film as i went into it , the more pleased i was when i left . 
first , getting through all the usual lines of newspaper glitz : " if you liked scream , you'll love wild things ! " 
 " campbell gives a stunning performance ! " 
 " this twisty plot will have you dazzled for days ! " 
 ( oh yeah , the day a newspaper uses these is the day neve campbell falls in love with me ) 
now , onto more serious stuff ( and with this film , i mean that in nearly a sarcastic way ) . 
i'm not saying that in a bad way , but when you see this film , you may be shocked by what you see . 
trouble is , i have already seen it . 
and i like it ! 
wild things is a film noir of the 90s , filled with 40s sensibilities , and yet breaking the rules and modern-day taboos of 90s culture . 
there will be people who don't want to admit liking what they see , but i tell you , most anyone who sees this will like it . 
while you may be expecting one thing to happen , it certainly doesn't turn out that way . 
this pretty much sets the tone of the film we are about to watch . 
surprisingly , that's really all i can tell you about the plot . 
there are more plot twists in this film than probably any i have ever seen . 
and even though you think you may get tired of them , the surprises are so genuine that it's rather pleasing . 
it's not as graphic as you might think ) . 
it's very brief , so if you blink , you may miss ( ahem ) it . 
and , for as long as i can remember , i don't think i have seen an r-rated film show an erect one before ( it's not completely , but judging from the audiences' reaction , it was more than they expected too ) . 
also , during one scene late in the film , there seemed to be a relationship brewing between bacon and dillon's characters , but nothing came of it ( makes you wonder if the director had to cut it in order for the r rating , or if the actors refused to do it ) . 
the visuals are striking , filled with rich colors , and almost so realistic that we can actually breathe the humidity in the air . its not often that you see a film like this , and we should watch it just to see how the camera can take pictures . 
so why not give it to them ? 
neve campbell , admirably , has a no-nudity clause in her contract , and the most you see of her is from behind as she takes her top off ( way to go , neve ! ) . 
the sex scenes are graphic , especially the first one we see , between the mother and one of her deck hands . 
and i can't stress it enough : don't allow kids under 18 to see this film . 
it's definitely not for those under 18 ! 
did i mention that this film is rated r ? however , for those that do get a chance to watch it , you will probably more likely be pleased , and may even take friends to see it the next time .