i feel no hesitation in saying that " there's something about mary " is the best film that i will see all year . 
from the moment the credits started to roll at the end of the picture , there was no doubt in my mind that i had seen a masterpiece that will remain unsurpassed in the remaining months of 1998 . 
when gene siskel said this about " fargo " only a few months into '96 , i dismissed the notion as ridiculous . 
how could you possibly know that a film is so great that nothing you could possibly see in the future could beat it ? 
but after seeing the farrelly's hilarious and surprisingly heartfelt masterwork , i now know what siskel was talking about . 
once in a ( very great ) while , a film comes along that is so daring , so brilliant and simply so enjoyable that at the end , you just want to stand up and cheer . 
and you know , at that instant , that you have just experienced something very special . 
now for the shocker ; " mary " is the grossest and most disgusting film i have ever viewed ( " pink flamingos " obviously notwithstanding ) . 
the movie is so rude and , i guess , inappropriate in nature that i had a hard time sitting in a theater watching it with my parents ( luckily i had seen it before them , so i could warn the about what they were in for ) . 
they don't just present you with a string of dick and fart jokes ( although there are plenty to go around ) . 
if you just look at an outline of the story , it seems kind of contrived and predictable . 
in one of the film's funniest scenes , something goes wrong ( i won't ruin it for those who know nothing about the film ) and ted is unable to face mary ever again . 
after all , with a not-really-all-that-funny premise , how can you sustain laughter for nearly two hours ? 
somehow , the farrelly's pull it off . 
i guarantee that on almost every other top ten list at the end of the year , you will see the number one space occupied by steven spielberg's wwii epic " saving private ryan " . 
but which is harder ; making a great war film or having your audience laugh so hard that they can't breath for minutes at a time ? 
i'll let you decide that one for yourself , but this critic is sticking to his guns .