 
i think you could say without much of a challenge that religion is responsible for more killing and death , presently and historically , than any other phenomena . you could reverse subject and predicate in each instance and still not be challenged . 
as some good patriarch once observed , " you can maintain control as long as everyone keeps their clothes on . 
 " neither by land nor by water will you find the road to the hyberboreans " : even pindar , in his day , knew that much about us . 
we have discovered that happiness ; we know the way ; we got our knowledge of it from thousands of years in the labyrinth . 
who else has found it ? --the 
man of today ? -- " i 
don't know either the way out or the way in ; i am whatever doesn't know either the way out or the way in " --so sighs the man of today . 
rather live amid the ice than among modern virtues and other such south-winds ! 
as far as i can tell , this is what the movie has to say . 
for example wayne gayle's first report ends with some gen x dude saying , " if i were a mass murderer i'd be mickey and mallory , " in his most excellent bill and ted voice . 
on one level you cd make the humdrum observation that because the media had glamorized these two psychopaths that the uncritical , impressionable gen x dumb guy confused the matter and took them for heroes . 
let me exemplify what i've been saying by analyzing a scene from the film , namely the scene where mallory fucks the gas station attendant , kills him , and then castigates him for giving her " the worst fuckin' head i've ever had in my life ! ! ! " 
now , i never claimed that mickey and mallory had a perfect relationship , because demonstrably they didn't , and this scene and the ones leading up to it show us this . 
the style of the movie is a whole 'nother matter that i won't get into very deeply but surely it is partially responsible for its power . 
these can't help but trigger deep psychological responses we can barely understand especially when they flash across the screen for barely a few frames . ( quotes are paraphrased only ) : 
mickey to mallory : " one of these days i'm gonna be cummin' for you , " in prison , while mallory jacks mickey off . 
mickey during his marriage to mallory : " as creator of my universe , i pronounce us man and wife . 
the indian sage releasing mallory's father , who was reincarnated as a snake : " old man , go be a snake , " after telling his " snake story " that ends with " bitch , you knew i was a snake . " 
after mickey shoots this sage to death during a bewildering nightmare , mallory says , " you killed life ! ! ! " 
this is another telling quote because it implies they didn't see themselves as killers of life . " 
mickey ( again in his interview ) : " me and you , we are not the same species . " 
notice when the escape is in progress we get some role reversals in terms of leadership and control . 
mickey : how ya feelin' ? 
wayne : fucking great ! 
mickey : you got the feelin' ? 
wayne : i'm alive . 
that feeling of metaphysical freedom that you can create your own universe .