 
critique : awesome ! 
i love dark movies , i love stylish movies , i love good mysteries and i love johnny depp . so 
yes , i really dug this movie ! 
the hughes brothers are back with a vengeance , out to show the world that they are directors to be taken seriously , and this movie , my friends . 
it ain't for the kids , i'll tell you that much . 
the theory in this film is based on the graphic novel " from hell " written by alan moore and presents a compelling story , which despite being a little oliver stone-ish , did manage to tie up all of its loose ends quite nicely , and present us with an entertaining bowl of mayhem , sexual depravity , drug usage , insanity , murders and love ? 
yes , the brothers even managed to slip a little " love " story in here , and despite not truly being developed , i guess it could've been much worse and taken up more time than was provided already . 
that's right , there's no real need to put any " romance " in a film about a mass murderer ! 
but that aside , you gotta give up the props to actor extraordinaire johnny depp , who once again possesses the strength in character and flawless acting abilities , to center this movie all the way through . 
i was also surprised at how little heather graham annoyed me in this film ( i was sure that her presence would ruin this movie , but she was fine ) and how little the dreams/fantasies of depp's character had to do with the film's development ( from what i had seen in the trailer , i thought the filmmakers were going to make this the crux of the story , but thankfully , it wasn't ) . 
i mean , the less i knew about each person , the more suspicious i became of each one's motives , reasons , etc . 
in fact , i was actually quite surprised by who was presented as the killer in the end , and that was in part , due to the distance to which i'd been held from the film's characters . or 
am i giving the filmmakers too much credit for something that might not have been their intention ? 
perhaps . 
some may be utterly repulsed by the gory particulars of these tragic events , and even though the murders aren't shown as graphically as you might think , there's enough here to send the squeamish right out the doors . 
but i for one love movies that blend their eclectic visual style with an interesting mystery and palpable , gothic atmosphere , and this flick is just that and plenty more ! 
and god knows that i will certainly not be surrendering the burnt image of jack the ripper's haunting cape silhouette and gleaming silver knife from my mind anytime soon .