when i first heard that disney's next animated feature was going to be tarzan , i was almost horrified . 
that effort was too overloaded with comedy ( and the hero was too boastful and pompous to be considered a sympathetic hero ) , and , after viewing it to this day , i find it a disgrace for disney animation . 
when i saw the trailers , i was thinking " hmm . " 
when i bought the soundtrack , i was really quite surprised at how different it sounded from most disney features . 
i have never really heard of phil collins , nor have i heard of mark mancina , so i was wondering , how would these two make this disney flick spin ? 
i was pleasantly surprised : the music is top-notch . 
so , the soundtrack wasn't bad at all , considering it was by two people i am not familiar with . 
but will it be ? 
when i finally went to see it ( on opening day , as i tend to do with most disney animated features ) , my question was answered , in a complete turnabout of expectations for me : disney's tarzan is surprisingly decent . 
will tarzan find out which family he belongs to and save the apes ? 
i'm not gonna tell you , sorry . 
and see it you should ; the animation is , as always , top notch , particularly when tarzan goes soaring through the trees ( read that , skateboarding ) . 
i thought she had the most annoying voice in the whole film ( when i first saw the trailers ) , but when i saw the film , i didn't have a problem with her . 
but if there is any voice that i think steals the whole show , it should be rosie o'donnell , who is hilariously funny as terk . 
the songs , as i said before , are decent , mostly sung by collins . 
i tolerate musical numbers from characters a lot more than some other guys would , but i found this to be a nice change of pace . 
i was upset that it wasn't , because i had thought of taking a few friends of mine who like 'n sync to see tarzan . 
overall , i was enthralled with tarzan . 
i wouldn't hold it high the way i do with mulan or the hunchback of notre dame ( my all-time favorite disney classics ) , but this film deserves a high place among disney's greatest achievements .