 
do not avoid this film because you think it's about gangbangers and stuff , because it isn't at all . 
it's about you , it's about me , it's about your girlfriend , your mother , your problems and your inability to face up to your responsibilities and to , well . 
granted , the film does start a little slow ( and go a little long ) , but hang in there , because once you appreciate and get to know all of its characters , you will be glad that you did . 
this is about the step that you need to take in order to pass into full " adulthood " and some might not appreciate the grander theme behind that step . 
i certainly did , because i too passed , and am passing , through many of these very same things right now ( yeah , yeah , i still live with my momma ! ! ) and related to a lot of the events that went down in this flick ( oh yeah , and for the record , i'm not black but that made absolutely zero difference in this case ) . and 
i mean , damn funny ! 
i was crackin' up at almost every other scene , and they weren't " set-up jokes " like your typical comedies either , just day-to-day things that we could all relate to ( like the scene in which ving rhames is " drinking koolaid " in the kitchen and his infamously improvised " african squat f * * k " scene , which you just gotta see to believe ! ) 
and there are the performances , too . 
damn dude , you scared the shit outta me ! 
tyrese gibson , i have no idea where this guy came from ( an r&b singer and mtv vj , you say . 
from scene one on , i was glued to his performance and sympathized with his character as he molded and shaped himself into the person that he hoped to become one day . 
but that's the thing that i liked the most about this movie . 
everyone seemed real , the situations felt authentic , the characters all came across as people like you and me with issues and struggles and hopes and fears . 
and yeah , i even liked the whole homage to boyz 'n the hood that singleton pulled off in the end ( he called this movie a " companion piece " to that film ) .