 
and everyone should know how i feel about remakes , especially of films i happen to enjoy ( my fallacy : unless you're going to either capture the same exact spirit of the original or do something different with it or maybe even both , just wrack your brain and come up with a * gasp * new idea ) . 
i can vividly remember when my taste in movies wasn't so weird or diverse ( the names godard and kubrick weren't even a glimmer in my right eye back then ) , when i would tune in every sunday night for a couple years to see abc's " wonderful world of disney , " where they'd show you a live-action and/or made-for-tv disney flick an hour per week . 
i can remember my mom taking my sister and i along with all my friends and their mothers to see all the rereleased disney films ( like " lady and the tramp " and " pinnochio " ) . 
and , most sadly , i remember every single christmas , without fail , there were a barage of children's animated half-hour shows , made exclusively for the christmas season , that i wouldn't dare missing . 
i can even remember seeing the made-for-tv " parent trap ii " on tv one night , and after i had seen that one over and over and over again , i saw the original " parent trap . 
it's playful , and witty , and charming , and if i saw it for the first time right now , having never experienced that part of my childhood , i'd probably dismiss it . 
i'd probably do the same for the new version of the same movie if i hadn't seen the original at such a perfect age . 
watching it , i could remember what fun it was to watch a disney film , and how divorce for me started to get me thinking about the possibilities of my seemingly-perfect parents splitting up , and how it affected my adolescence . 
and also how it brushed that fear off with a smooth stroke , and pointed out that even in the most fucked-up of situations , things could always work out if you , well , manipulate things a bit , at least for the better . 
one , annie , is sent to live with the mother ( natasha richardson , resembling her mother , vanessa redgrave , more than i had ever noticed ) in london , where she lives with her parents and her devoted , foppish butler ( simon kunz ) , as she works as a swingin' fashion designer . 
she also adds on an american and british accent to each one , with one faking the other accent throughout , and if you really take notice , you can see that the fake ones' accents aren't exactly perfect . 
she's also incredibly appealing , not merely cute , which is especially notable since this is her first feature film , and we know how notorious child actors are , especially in their first films . 
instead of the bickering that ensued in the original , the film adds another dimension and another angle to their characters that was amiss in the original : during the opening credits , we see glimpses from their courtship on the qe2 , where they fall quickly and madly in love with eachother , and when back together again , the film's more smarmy scenes come off as actually sentimental , but in that great way , not the migraine-inducing way as in many such films . 
i liked the way the parents fought over past dilemnas and then fought over falling in love again better than i liked watching two old flames getting back together over a bottle of wine - somehow , feuding is always more cinematic and pleasing than mere reminscing , a lesson extracted from the howard hawks/cary grant films of yesteryear .