 
it isn't long before their little prank gets someone put into a coma ( long story ) and the next thing you know , the trucker is following them too . this is gonna be one bumpy ride ! 
critique : a good ol' time at the movies ! 
here's a film that actually gives away most of its plotline in its trailer and doesn't really bring anything " new " to the forefront ( if you've seen flicks like duel and breakdown , you've crossed this path before ) , but still manages to entertain you gangbusters , with realistic situations , believable characters , funny moments , thrills , chills , the whole shebang . 
let's give it up for director john dahl , who continues to put out solid films every other year ( if you haven't seen red rock west , do yourself a favor right now , and jot it down on a piece of paper and rent it at your earliest convenience ) . 
it gives you a little bit of background on each of the main three characters , and then shows you how one small prank , can lead to a whole lotta trouble for everyone ! 
paul walker really surprised me in this movie , since i've never much thought of him as anything more than a pretty face ( and damn , is it ever pretty or what ? ! ) 
but here , he actually manages to put some depth behind the looks and that's always appreciated in films in which you are so closely tied to the main characters . 
and speaking of the ending , boy , does this movie deliver some chilling moments during its final 15 clicks or what ? ! ? 
the arrow and i were practically in each others arms ( well , maybe i'm exaggerating , but you catch my drift ) as each minute brought about another turn of events which in turn , took it all to an even higher level . 
plot-wise , i too did wonder how the " bad guy " was able to track them so well , but it didn't really bother me all that much ( you can assume that he had bugged their car ? ) . 
but pretty much everything else in the story stuck like glue and i couldn't help but put myself in their shoes and appreciate their thoroughly desperate circumstance .