 
i don't think i was quite prepared for this movie because the trailers made it appear to be some supernatural horror film about satan . 
is it all just a big nightmare ? 
or is john milton really satan , playing tricks with kevin's life ? 
the devil's advocate plays out fairly straight-forward , but for some odd reason , the screenwriters wanted to surprise everyone by giving us something we don't expect . 
is this surprise conclusion supposed to make us feel good and go home without feeling depressed or disturbed ? 
if so , the devil's advocate messes up completely , and ironically , i felt more depressed because of the ending as is now , than i would have if it had ended ten minutes early . 
i went into the devil's advocate expecting a shocking horror film , and that is exactly what i got . 
i was settled in to be disturbed mentally and emotionally , and that is what i got . 
but what was the most disturbing and horrible aspect of the movie is the poor ending ( did i mention that i didn't like the ending ? ) . 
the producers of this film take you on a thrilling roller coaster ride and just as it is ending , they pull the rug out from under you . 
if that is confusing , i recommend watching the film , and then reading that again . 
as for the film overall , i enjoyed the entire first two hours , being drawn in by a terrific character study and then adding the supernatural plot to increase the tension build from the character study . 
and then you settle in for a nice resolution , which does not occur . 
it was at this point that i felt cheated . 
taking us on a terror ride of intrigue , we follow kevin lomax around , as he is the centerpiece of the film . 
but we are forced to witness a conclusion which makes most of the film seem like a game . 
i don't want to spoil the ending , so all i can say is go see the film and decide for yourself . 
there is plenty of nudity , sex , violence , gore , and then you have gore , violence , sex , and more nudity . 
i don't condone sex and nudity in films , but if its there , i might as well enjoy it . 
portrayed by the extremely effective charlize theron , mary ann's problems are incredibly intense , and i found myself wanting to witness her decline . 
this may sound uncaring , but i wanted to watch because i felt sorry for her . 
what milton says is so true about our society that i found myself laughing out loud , partially thinking it was funny , but patially realizing it was true . 
the cast of the devil's advocate is one of the highlights , as we see memorable faces , and they put spins on those memorable faces we don't expect . 
for the first two hours , i sat completely engaged in the good performances and strong characters . 
i guess my biggest problem with the ending is the fact that i went into the theater expecting a disturbing film , and hackford gave me just that for a long time . 
personally , i would have preferred it ending fifteen minutes early .