i like movies with albert brooks , and i really like movies directed and written by albert brooks . 
his humor is of a kind that is not very prevalent in movies today , inundated as we are with films which revel in their aim toward the lowest common denominator . 
the situations in which his characters find themselves are ones we can often identify with , but even if we can't , brooks has the talent to make them comfortable , and therefore we laugh . 
teenagers and jim carrey fans probably won't find an albert brooks movie very funny , but people who look for more than what we could find on television probably will . 
at the end of one of their conversations where beatrice has just picked apart john's life , she says , " i love you , " and john replies with , " i know you think you do . 
it's the kind that goes something like , " yes , dear , i think you do that wonderfully , but . 
there's a scene where john has just arrived at his mother's house , and after having driven from los angeles to sausalito , and having explained to his mother about the " great experiment " , beatrice asks , " now explain to me again why you don't want to stay at a hotel . 
in the same scene , we get little glances at the life his mother leads when she tries to feed him food that is no longer fresh . 
when they're finished and walk out , brooks cuts to the comic on stage who is just at the point of delivering his punch line , " and so the moral is , if you have to fart , go outside ! " 
you don't know what the joke was because you couldn't hear him during the entire scene , but i must have laughed for the next five minutes , it seemed so out of context . 
john's purpose for staying with his mother is to learn , and we as the audience learn right along with him . 
his mother is not the fascinating type to begin with , but as john spends more time with her , we learn things about her personality and her lifestyle that give her depth . 
on screen , brooks does an excellent job playing this kind of character : you get the feeling he often believes he is the only sane person in an insane world . 
additionally , the end results of the experiment do not necessarily jibe with the stated goals , and although this may have been sloppy screenwriting , how can you be mad at the guy who also wrote this ? : 
beatrice : you must think i'm some kind of moron . 
john : no , i think your someone who thinks i'm a moron .