 
however , as we learned with the 1995 small-budget horror/sci-fi film , sometimes expectations can be shattered . 
a lot of criticism has gone against this film ( from what i have read so far , anyway--yep , all two reviews ) , and it makes me wonder why these types of films are automatically dismissed as gory , laughable pieces of trash . 
as we know from the original , this is because the alien wants to breed and take over the planet . 
story-wise , species ii is much stronger than its predecessor , but it is also much stronger than , say , aliens ( hey , i love the film , but you can't tell me it was strong on story ) . 
in my search for extraterrestrial intelligence course in college , we learned about a piece of rock from mars which landed in one of the poles . 
beginning with the first man on mars ( something i have always dreamed of seeing ) , i was hoping that the film would turn this element into a useful starting point for the movie . 
but for the most part , they remain believable ( i even noticed a homage to the alien series when the mothers gave birth to alien children ) . 
however , i tend to disagree . 
what were the alien films about ? 
and , if an alien species ever did come to earth , and their sole purpose was to destroy us , wouldn't you mate as quickly as possible with as many people as possible ? 
my only gripe with this is during the scene where patrick goes searching for a mate in a grocery store . 
i didn't realize that aliens were that picky on choosing women to mate with ( i just assume it is his part-human side looking for the most beautiful one ) . 
as i say , any film with james cromwell dramatically increases in likeability . 
lazard has so far been ridiculed for his performance , but i think he is effective . 
hell , i don't even know if i will . 
i probably won't see another film where i was expecting so little and got so much for quite a while . 
medak has also mastered the wonderful " jump ! " 
moments , and has probably the second scariest moment i have ever seen on film ( scream still has the first ) .